Eliza Chen (lc3am)
Dalianna Vaysman (dvv7te)
Regina Yap (ry3zg)
CS 4753 | eCommerce Milestone 1
03 February 2018


Wonder Planner Business Plan 

	As the consumer economy has evolved, the variety of places to see and things for consumers to do has expanded. Yet, when attempting to arrange group activities, choosing between all of the options available is often difficult. In order to save time for consumers and make the decision-making process easier, Wonder Planner makes planning a breeze with its simple and efficient event planning interface. This E-Commerce course project is designed and carried out by Regina Yap (ry3zg), Eliza Chen (lc3am), and Dalianna Vaysman (dvv7te).

	Wonder Planner creates “the perfect day” for users based on a special questionnaire that utilizes algorithms and machine learning to narrow down locations, restaurants, events, and entertainment that will cater to the users’ wants best. Users have the option of choosing custom activity packages for an assortment of events such as birthdays, dates, and business meetings. While users have previously had to spend time deciding on locations and making arrangements, Wonder Planner suggests event packages that already include sightseeing locations, restaurant reservations, and/or activity passes. Wonder Planner packages also include bookings for Ubers, Lyfts, taxis and hotels upon users’ requests. Moreover, premium users will have access to packages that include flowers, gifts, and more for occasions such as Valentine’s Day. Users will take a questionnaire, receive personalized event plans, choose their favorite package, and expect to receive all package items in the mail within 1-5 business days. Users may modify their activity schedule, share itineraries with one another, and confirm reservations online. Although other planning websites and services exist, Wonder Planner’s questionnaire and machine learning approach is unique and unparalleled in the current marketplace; and the platform’s competitive pricing will create a more favorable user experience. Wonder Planner is developed using tools including GitHub, VisualStudio, Notepad++, and XAMPP.

	Wonder Planner will be commercially successful in the entertainment and recreation (E&R) and the service industries. Wonder Planner has the potential of increasing exposure to E&R because of the added ease of planning activities and thus will be desired by both businesses and consumers alike. Word Planner can also effectively enter the service industry due to lower prices than competitors’ and the quick and easy use of the company’s services. Moreover, due to the unique items in curated packages, Wonder Planner has the opportunity to enter the food and beverage, travel, tourism, and transportation markets. Since Wonder Planner’s packages revolve around areas with ample businesses and events, the service would flourish best in metropolitan areas. Taking into account a metropolitan area such as Chicago with a population of 2.7 million, and assuming that most of Wonder Planner’s users will be in the age range of 18 to 65, the company can access about 63.5% of Chicago’s population (1,714,500 people). Extending this idea, if the company targets three of the largest metropolitan cities in America and conservatively estimates that it can reach 5% of these cities’ 18-65 populations, then in its first year of operation, Wonder Planner can aid roughly 250,000 people in the United States in effortlessly making plans with their partners, friends, family, and coworkers.

	Prices for event packages through Wonder Planner will generally be variable since each of the package’s pricing will be subject to the cost of the items contained in the package. However, a hope is for Wonder Planner to partner with businesses and in turn offer discounted rates to users when they plan events through Wonder Planner’s unique platform. Ideally, Wonder Planner would save customers around 20% of the total cost of planning on their own. 

	In a consumer landscape where the saying “so much to do but so little time” is becoming increasingly relevant, Wonder Planner appeals to customers by providing personalized event packages equipped with all that users need to enjoy activities with others.